[Serverless] Manual rule run docs (#5589)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-manage.asciidoc

* To enable or disable a single rule, switch on the rule's *Enabled* toggle.
* To <<snooze-rule-actions,snooze>> actions for rules, click the bell icon.

[float]
[[manually-run-rules]]
=== Manually run rules

> Manually run enabled rules to execute them instantly. 

Reviewer: make better to mention, that it enabled rules to execute on specific time interval.

> Manually run enabled rules to execute them instantly. 

Author: How's this:

```suggestion
Manually run enabled rules during a specfied time range. 
```

> Manually run enabled rules to execute them instantly. 

Author: Change applied to Serverless docs in [8790b12](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/5589/commits/8790b12dd2bad30fc446259e4d2bb967e47e4f8e).

* To enable or disable a single rule, switch on the rule's *Enabled* toggle.
* To <<snooze-rule-actions,snooze>> actions for rules, click the bell icon.

[float]
[[manually-run-rules]]
=== Run rules manually

Manually run enabled rules during a specfied time range. 

. Go to **Rules** -> **Detection rules (SIEM)**.
. Do one of the following:
* Select the **All actions** menu on a rule (**...** → **All actions** in the rules list), then select **Manual run**.
* Select all the rules you want to manually run, select the **Bulk actions** menu, then select **Manual run**.
. Specify when the manual run starts and ends. The default selection is the current day starting three hours in the past. The rule will search for events during the selected time range.
. Click **Run** to manually run the rule.

> 

Author: I'll apply this to the ESS docs in https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/5631.

> 

Author: Added via https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/5631/files#r1773599501.

The manual run's details are recorded in the <<manual-runs-table,Manual runs>> table on the the *Execution results* tab. 

> 

Author: Thanks! This is fixed in a separate PR for the ESS docs [here](https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/5631/files#diff-8129993d6b65be539b8522b04435e9dc84fe851efa9d897ca4168f426395e244R123).

* To enable or disable a single rule, switch on the rule's *Enabled* toggle.
* To <<snooze-rule-actions,snooze>> actions for rules, click the bell icon.

[float]
[[manually-run-rules]]

> === Manually run rules

Reviewer 2: Start the heading with the active verb?
```suggestion
=== Run rules manually
```

> Manually run enabled rules during a specfied time range. 

Reviewer 2: What are some use cases for running a rule manually? I remember talking about this in earlier UX design sessions, but don't recall specific uses. The instructions clearly explain _how_ to do manual runs, but some extra context could help users understand _why_ they'd want to do this.

Author: My notes from our UX design meetings show that this feature is useful for manually testing rules (as opposed to waiting for them to start running on their automated schedule) or for providing coverage during past gaps. Does this sound right @nkhristinin? Is there anything missing? Should the docs highlight different use cases?

Reviewer: Gaps  and manually testing rule sounds right!

Reviewer 2: That sounds like what I remember too. Thanks for confirming, @nkhristinin!

Author: @nkhristinin and @approksiu let me know if this revision works:

```suggestion
Manually run rules to promptly test or execute them during a specified period of time. 
```

Reviewer: >or execute them during a specified period of time. 

It's not really "or", it's always specified period of time

Reviewer 3: Maybe phrase like this: "Manually run rules for a specified time for testing or additional alerts coverage purposes."

Author: @nkhristinin I'm not sure I understand the error that you're pointing out. The conjunction "or" joins the first part of the sentence (_manually run rules to promptly test or execute them_) while the second half (_during a specified period of time_) applies to both. If you were to write out the longer version of the sentence, it'd be:
You can manually run rules to promptly test them during a specified period of time, or manually run rules to execute them during a specified period of time. 

@approksiu thanks for the suggestion. What do you think about swapping "additional alerts coverage" with "additional rules coverage"? For example:

```suggestion
Manually run enabled rules for a specfied period of time for testing purposes or additional rule coverage. 
```

Author: Merging this for now because I need to move these changes to a separate ESS PR.

. Go to **Rules** -> **Detection rules (SIEM)**.
. Do one of the following:

> * Select the **All actions** menu (**...**) on a rule, then select **Manual run**.
> * Select a rule to open its details page, select the **All actions** menu, then select **Manual run**.

Reviewer 2: These are very similar steps, maybe combine them? I know they're referencing two different UI areas (the overall rules page and a single rule's details page), but the actual steps are basically the same.

```suggestion
* Select the **All actions** menu on a rule (**...** → **All actions** in the rules list), then select **Manual run**.
```

* Select all the rules you want to manually run, select the **Bulk actions** menu, then select **Manual run**.

> . Specify a time range for the manual run. By default, the time range is set to the current day and three hours in the past.

Reviewer 2: It's not clear to me what this range is for. At first I thought maybe the rule runs during the range, but I don't know how that'd work if it defaults to the past. Is it looking at the past 3 hours of event data? I thought that's what the rule's "look-back time" setting does?

Author: Yeah, this could be more precise. When users select the time range for the manual run, they're really choosing when the manual run starts and when it ends. How's this:

```suggestion
. Specify when the manual run starts and ends, or keep the default selection, which is the current day and three hours in the past. The rule will search for events during the selected time range.
```

Reviewer 2: Clearer now, thanks! The first sentence is a little busy now, maybe break it up:
```suggestion
. Specify when the manual run starts and ends. The default selection is the current day starting three hours in the past. The rule will search for events during the selected time range.
```
